[doc] Initialize the i18n support and setup translation workflow (#67)
taichi-dev/docs.taichi.graphics: README.md

# Taichi Documentation Site

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/6825e411-c5f7-4148-ab43-023663f41b6a/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/docs-taichi-graphics/deploys)
[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/taichi-programming-language/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/taichi-programming-language)

A static documentation website built with [docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) for [Taichi](https://taichi.graphics) documentation.

---

💡 **Please make sure you understand the following before moving forward:**

- If you want to **update any Taichi documentation**, go to [the main repository](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi/tree/master/docs) instead and **please do not work on this repo**! This repo only hosts the mirrored version of the docs in order to build and deploy the documentation website.

> - If you want to **contribute to the translations** of any Taichi documentation, go to [Our Translation Page](https://translate.taichi.graphics) instead! Our [help-us-translate](https://docs.taichi.graphics/help-us-translate) page has more details about the i18n workflow. _Note: we don't support deploy-previews for translations for performance reason, and usually you don't need to preview the full website for translations strings._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to **contribute to the translations** of any Taichi documentation, go to **[Our Translation Page](https://translate.taichi.graphics)** instead. Our [help-us-translate](https://docs.taichi.graphics/help-us-translate) page has more details about the i18n workflow. _Note: we don't support deploy-previews for translations for performance reasons, and usually you don't need to preview the full website for translation strings._
```

> - If you want to **update any un-versioned non-doc pages**, such as the `community` or `help-us-translate` page, you are at the right place, we welcome a Pull Request directly against this repo!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to **update any non-doc pages that are not versioned** (e.g., the `community` and `help-us-translate` pages), you are at the right place. We welcome pull requests directly to this repo!
```

- If you want to **make a functional change to the website**, such as updating the styles or adding a new React

> component, you are at the right place, we welcome a Pull Request directly against this repo!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component, you are at the right place. We welcome related pull requests directly to this repo!
```

<details>
  <summary>Tips for Documentation Website Maintainers</summary>

  We follow the corresponding
  [docusaurus guide](https://docusaurus.io/docs/i18n/crowdin#crowdin-tutorial) for the translation setup. Please refer to the guide for technical details.

  If you want to spin up the development server locally for a specific locale,

>   add `--locale TARGET_LOCALE` after the command, for example, in order to start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  add `--locale TARGET_LOCALE` after the command. For example, in order to start
```

  the server for `zh-Hans`:

  ```bash
  yarn --cwd=website start --locale zh-Hans
  ```

>   In order to preview the translated website, you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To preview the translated website, you can use
```

  ```bash
  yarn --cwd=website run crowdin download
  ```

>   to download **approved** translations to your local disk and run the `start` command listed above to preview the website in your desired locale locally. Note you may need to set the corresponding environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to download **approved** translations to your local disk, and run the `start` command listed above to preview the website in your desired locale locally. Note you may need to set the corresponding environment variable
```

>   `CROWDIN_TOKEN` locally. It can be generated from the Crowdin settings page, assuming you have the right permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `CROWDIN_TOKEN` locally. It can be generated from the Crowdin settings page, if you have the right permission.
```

  You need to periodically check/refactor the file structure on Crowdin for any

>   source file refactor, check details [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/i18n/crowdin#maintaining-your-site).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  source file refactor. Please see more details [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/i18n/crowdin#maintaining-your-site).
```

sudo npm install -g yarn
```

#### Development server issues

If you run into `TypeError: Cannot read property 'latest' of undefined` error,
try to remove both of `website/node_modules` and `website/yarn.lock` and re-run the

> install command. This has been reported to [this issue](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/issues/5106)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`install` command. This issue has been reported [here](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/issues/5106).
```
